Update-benchmarks (#11465)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/protecting_model_guide.md

# Using Encrypted Models with OpenVINO&trade;  {#openvino_docs_OV_UG_protecting_model_guide}

Deploying deep-learning capabilities to edge devices can present security

> challenges, likes of: ensuring inference integrity or providing copyright

Reviewer: why is this sentence reverted? :)

protection of your deep-learning models.

One possible solution is to use cryptography to protect models as they are
deployed and stored on edge devices. Model encryption, decryption and
authentication are not provided by OpenVINO&trade; but can be implemented with

> third-party tools (like OpenSSL\*). While implementing encryption, ensure that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
third-party tools (like OpenSSL). While implementing encryption, ensure that 
```

> latest versions of tools is used and follow cryptography best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you use the latest versions of tools and follow cryptography best practices.
```

This guide presents how to use OpenVINO securely with protected models.

## Secure Model Deployment

After a model is optimized by the OpenVINO Model Optimizer, it's deployed
to target devices in the Intermediate Representation (IR) format. An optimized

> model is stored on edge device and is executed by the OpenVINO Runtime. 

Reviewer: I think the original sentence is correct.

(ONNX, PDPD models can also be read natively by the OpenVINO Runtime.)

Encrypting and optimizing model before deploying it to the edge device can be

> used to protect deep-learning models. The edge device should keep the stored model

Reviewer: Please revert.

protected all the time and have the model decrypted **in runtime only** for use

> by the OpenVINO Runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by OpenVINO Runtime.
```

The OpenVINO Runtime requires model decryption before loading. Allocate
a temporary memory block for model decryption and use the 
`ov::Core::read_model` method to load the model from a memory buffer.

> For more information, check `ov::Core` Class Reference Documentation.

Reviewer: Please revert.

- Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit home page: [https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit](https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit)
- Model Optimizer Developer Guide: [Model Optimizer Developer Guide](../MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md)
- [OpenVINO™ runTime User Guide](openvino_intro.md)

> - For more information on Sample Applications, check [OpenVINO Samples Overview](Samples_Overview.md)

Reviewer: Using "see the" is correct and more common. Can we change it back?
